both corners are so full of energy that
there's no doubt this will be a great
battle the battle begins the blue corner
makes the first attack a solid
it fell asleep the blue corner already
has a Pokemon sleeping I wonder how this
is going to affect the battle it's
twisting the dimensions in the Coliseum
something strange distortion what's this
the Coliseum the red corner calls their
Pokemon back
Lamoureux is sent out the blue corner
still can't move the air in the Coliseum
is tense
I huge amount of damage Butterfree is
sent out well both corners still have a
chance to win this who's going to take
the glory
appears glow the blue corner barely
holds on
it fell asleep something strange
distortion watch this the Coliseum
well both corners still have a chance to
win this what kind of developments can
we expect to see next a fierce flow he's
a direct hit
Oh No in attack itself Clamperl protect
yourself the red corner protects against
he attacked the battle rages on which
corner will make the attack that could
change the situation it couldn't take it
ronzo is sent out well both corners
still have a chance to win this who's
going to take the glory Butterfree uses
its cool
it's twisting the dimensions in the
Coliseum something strange distortion
what's this the Coliseum
crushing hold it couldn't take it is
down eric ross is sent out the battle
has reached its final stage
tear across protect itself
it was an amazing attack sacrificing
itself like that but it was the only one
who went down is sent out the last
pokemon from each team will take the
field both corners are in a top spot
beaten down by dynamic punch but this is
not favorable matchup oh no it attacked
itself heracross suffers from its burn
this is getting dangerous heracross
desperately hold on
Machamp protected the move failed is
down damage from its birth game set and
match the red corner pulled off an
impressive victory